#What is this mixin thingy?
It is a Sass file that contains the grid CSS (Sassified) from the [Blueprint CSS Framework](http://www.blueprintcss.org) project.  It's aim is to DRY up your Haml files by allowing you to create your own classes that mix in the grid classes.

#What is Haml?
[Haml](http://haml.hamptoncatlin.com) takes your gross, ugly templates and replaces them with veritable *Haiku*. Haml is the next step in generating views in your Ruby application. Haml is a refreshing take that is meant to free us from the shitty templating languages we have gotten used to.

Haml is based on one primary principal. _Markup should be beautiful._

#What is Sass?
[Sass](http://haml.hamptoncatlin.com/docs/rdoc/classes/Sass.html) is a meta-language on top of CSS that‘s used to describe the style of a document cleanly and structurally, with more power than flat CSS allows. Sass both provides a simpler, more elegant syntax for CSS and implements various features that are useful for creating manageable stylesheets.

#What is a Sass Mixin?
Mixins enable you to define groups of CSS attributes and then
include them inline in any number of selectors throughout the document. 

#How do I use this mixin?
Use something like the following in one of your Sass files.

    @import blueprint_sass_mixin
    
    .post
      +span-8
      +prepend-2
      +append-4
      +last
      +colborder
      :background-color #FFFFFF
      :font-size 0.9em
      
#Why should I use it?
Instead of your once beautiful Haml poetry looking like this...

    .span-8.prepend-2.append-4.colborder.last.post
      I love Blueprint CSS, but dang, my Haml is looking funky!
      
you could have this...  Enough said?

    .post Hey, I found this great new way to use Blueprint CSS in my Sass!

#Still not convinced?
Try out Haml and Sass yourself [online](http://lab.hamptoncatlin.com).  No really, I dare you!  Then download the Blueprint CSS Framework along with this mixin and just see how your new Haml outshines your old crusty ERB templates :)